\input texinfo
@c  This document is part of the Liza Program UI Compiler manual.
@c  Copyright (C) 2017 R-T Specialty, LLC.
@c    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
@c    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
@c    any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
@c    Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
@c    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
@c    Documentation License''.

@include config.texi
@include version.texi
@include macros.texi

@c Developer Notes index (used only if DEVNOTES)
@defindex dn


@c %**start of header
@setfilename liza-proguic.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle @luic{} Manual v@value{VERSION}
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for @luic{}, version @value{VERSION}.

Copyright @copyright{} 2017 R-T Specialty, LLC.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
Free Documentation License".
@end quotation

@end copying

@titlepage
@title @luic{} Manual v@value{VERSION}
@author Mike Gerwitz, RT Specialty Buffalo

@c  Start copyright page
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage


@devnotice{
  This manual contains inline notes for developers of @luic{}.@footnote{
    To disable for user documentation, pass @option{--disable-devnotes}
      to @command{configure}.}
  For an index of notes@comma{} see @ref{Developer Notes Index}.}

@ifclear SRCURI
@devnotice{
  Location of @luic{} source code is unknown.
  Source cross-references have been disabled.@footnote{
      To enable source code cross-references, provide the URI to the
        root (as you want it to be seen in the manual) via
        @option{--with-srcuri=<uri>} to @command{configure}.}}
@end ifclear

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Main
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Program XML::            Program definition (source code)
* Compilation::            Compiler phases and architecture
* Metadata::               Additional information outside of the bucket
* Utilities::              Utility functions and templates
* License::                Document License
* Concept Index::
@ifset DEVNOTES
* Developer Notes Index::  Index of pertenant notes for developers of Liza.
@end ifset
@end menu

@ifnottex
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex


@node Program XML
@chapter Program XML
@helpwanted{}


@include compilation.texi
@include src/meta.texi
@include util.texi
@include license.texi

@node Concept Index
@unnumbered Concept Index
@printindex cp

@ifset DEVNOTES
  @node Developer Notes Index
  @unnumbered Developer Notes Index
  @printindex dn
@end ifset

@bye
